all right cool let's go ahead and get
started then
so
hi everyone as i mentioned i'm taylor
from the speaker the speakers team uh
there's a whole other group of folks
that are behind that speakers at saster
inc alias that work alongside me
catherine and caitlin are some names
that are probably familiar to you guys
as well um we are there for you anytime
you have any questions related to your
sponsored content um or anything related
to the event so happy to help i'm gonna
go over a lot of requirements that we
have um four-year sessions coming up um
either at europa or annual um and we'll
be in touch over the next few months um
so let's go ahead and just dive right in
so just to give you guys um a quick
refresher things that you've already
heard from brian things you've already
heard
from your sales team too with saster
is that saster's core mission is
founders helping founders so this is the
intention in everything that we do from
a content perspective and so that's
always the question that we're going to
be asking to make sure that everything
we put on stage whether it's earned or
paid content um is has this intention a
founder's helping founders so you're
going to hear this
theme a lot throughout all of our
content and this and throughout all of
our planning process with you too
so i'm gonna go over
our basic speaker and content guidelines
as a reminder um this is all going to be
included in your speaker brief um for
whatever event that you're signed on to
do so for europa you will have your own
speaker brief um if you've already been
connected to us you've already gotten
that same for annual um it will have its
own speaker brief with all of this
information and much more in there um
you'll always be able to reference that
but we're just using this time to dive
in deeper so
we always just like to let everyone know
we're a little quirky here at saster
because we have very strict editorial
guidelines
we're very protective of the content
that we put out there
and we really do it because we've
learned so much over the course of the
um past 10 years of putting out content
and hearing from attendees um and other
speakers of the stuff that really lands
for everyone we also have a lot of data
on what sessions perform best and what
does uh really well on youtube
afterwards so everything related to our
speaker and content guidelines is really
um because of all of that data and all
that information that we've gathered
over the past 10 years
so
all sessions no exceptions must adhere
to these content and diversity
guidelines we're going to go over the
highlights of all of these um so we do
not allow any all male unearned sessions
so um this does include solo mail
sessions so every session must have at
least one woman speaker gender balance
diversity inclusion is a huge um
important core value of what we do at
saster it's something that we require
for all of our sessions and we've
learned that um sessions with diverse
speakers and with gender balance are
always outperforming those without
so this is a non-negotiable
um this will be a requirement for all of
your sessions um we're always going to
work with you to help provide feedback
to help um give you some information on
what can make your topic a little bit
stronger what can make your slides a
little bit stronger
we really want to help you make your
content really great
but we never allow content that doesn't
help founders that doesn't help the next
generation
and we never allow anything that is
related to your product or related to
your company so all sessions should be
from a thought leadership perspective um
nothing related to sales pitches or
vendor commercials this is something
that attendees really value about
sasser's content is that we are really
really protective of this so
your topic should not be related at all
to your product and company just to
avoid any you know crossover or
potential for to go into that vendor
pitch we really suggest um that you do
something about a best practice um
related to your speakers that is not
related to your company at all
all content should be unique it should
not be something that you've previously
previously presented um at any other
event on any podcast um on any internal
um or any event that you or content that
you've put out from a company
perspective it should always be fresh
and and new
um and then we do require um that every
session has at least a speaker that's vp
level or higher
c-suite is always preferred and a
c-suite speaker is always going to
garner more
more attention from registrants too
so a few questions to start thinking
about what your topic could be
so we always want to make sure once
again bringing it back is this helping
founders
thinking about whatever which speakers
you're using what are they passionate
about what is what are they tweeting
about what are things that they really
love to talk about um what are they
known for in the company um and what
strengths that they have that are not
related to the product or the company
that they can teach others
also anything related to data to survey
collection things with real world
tangible results are always the most
helpful
continuing on
sessions with a notable co-presenter
always are going to outperform those
without so if you have a customer or a
partner um especially one that is a
household name a really recognizable um
brand especially one that's related and
relevant to a b2b sas audience this is a
really great opportunity to bring that
person in um another colleague at your
company is also another opportunity to
kind of share two perspectives um of how
you may approach x y or z topic
this also is a great opportunity for you
to figure out how to get gender balance
on your session
one another requirement that we have is
that everyone have slides so even if
you're a 10-minute session even if it's
a panel everyone has to have a slide a
slide deck that they share while they're
presenting this is another thing that
we've learned over the years is that
people really love
engaging content and being able to see
more visuals so the slides really help
with that um we do have a branded saster
template for each event that will be
shared with you um and we do encourage
um that you
use the act the last slide as well to
like do a little bit of a call to action
um for more information and on site for
where they can find your booth
so
closing note here brian you may want to
jump into if you have any closing
thoughts on this but with all of these
rules
we review
all content that you provide to us
whether that be an outline your slide
drafts your final slides we review
everything with our full content team
we will provide feedback to you to make
sure that it meets these guidelines but
we always reserve the right to remove
any session that does not meet these
guidelines um or that is too commercial
or not applicable to our audience so
anything that does not meet our
guidelines and isn't able to be changed
um is subject to being labeled as
sponsored or potentially removed
entirely from the event in which case
your entire sponsored speaking slot
would be forfeited um no this is also
included in everyone's sales contract
too but obviously something that we
really really want to emphasize um never
the case that we want it to be um so
this is why we are trying to get started
with everyone early so that you know
about all the guidelines um but please
just be aware this is something um
that if it doesn't meet our guidelines
is something um that we will have to
resort to right now
i think the only thing to pop in and add
taylor there is that this is really for
your benefit for your all of your
benefit and the reason why is because we
know
what our use what our uh our audience
engages with the most and what they
engage with is content that they can
resonate with
so if you're if the content is really
focused on that founders helping
founders mentality or that you know
you're helping you're helping a c-suite
organization uplift and enhance their
ability to to move and learn
it's going to it's going to resonate way
more you'll get more interaction you'll
have more people attend and that's
really what we're aiming for here so the
guidelines aren't built to try to
detract your ability to be successful if
anything they're the exact opposite and
i know we're a little bit funky in terms
of uh maybe other sponsorship speaking
sessions you might do for other with
other uh with other events but that said
it is uh this little intricacy is built
to help you and help our community so
that's how we that's how we get away
with it
yeah absolutely um
well we will move on to a few more
specifics um and of course if you ever
have any questions or want to run ideas
by us please please do
okay
so a few just reminders for both events
um your confirmed session day and time
cannot be fully set until you provide us
with your um topic and your speakers and
also just be aware that with changing
logistics on site um session days and
time are always subject to change in the
weeks leading up to the event um we also
keep a close eye on registrations too
and reserve the right to be able to make
any changes to make sure that um
everyone's capacity makes sense for them
so um please just be aware if you do
have some time preferences that you need
us to be aware of please share those um
but we do need a topic and speakers we
finalize before we can fully confirm
another flag is that we always open up
session registration and the full agenda
in the weeks leading up to both events
and so we were
strongly strongly encourage attendees to
pre-register for sessions um and we do
get a lot of um positive response on
this so it is something that sasha
attendees are really accustomed to doing
um so it's very critical that we have
your content and your speakers finalized
in order to maximize your registration
numbers so this is really to put your
best foot forward um and to help you
guys be able to fill the seats um by
when being having all of your
information into us when we do that
agenda watch so super super important um
that we meet these deadlines that we're
going to go over and a few more slides
um so that you guys get the most
exposure for your session and for your
speakers
and then all sessions um will be shared
with attendees after the event and
published our youtube channel um we
typically release content after annual
on a rolling basis throughout the
following six months after the event
if you do have any restrictions related
to your content being shared please
please let us know
okay
so just a quick summary of some overall
content do's and don'ts do you have
co-presenters and speakers that meet our
content and inclusion standards reminder
the gender balance you do have to have a
woman on every single session
make sure that you're picking a topic
your speakers are experts on and that
are one that is not related to your
company or your product make sure your
content is original and hasn't been
presented anywhere else and that you are
presenting and creating engaging slides
we usually recommend depending on the
time of your session that you have five
to ten slides with a minimum of five um
and we also will include make sure that
one of those slides is a key takeaway
slide so that once again you're
capturing those really quick lessons
that you want founders to leave your
session with
and then please make sure a big
important do is that you meet all
outline speaker deadline and deliverable
dates so um once again this is just to
really put your best foot forward and
make sure that you guys are getting the
maximum time um and exposure on uh on
your content
some of the do some of the don'ts um
pretty self-explanatory at this point
but don't suggest solar all male
speakers who do not meet our content
guidelines we will immediately push back
with you guys on that um don't make your
product uh don't make your session a
product pitch
avoid mentioning kobit 19 or the
pandemic at all in general everyone is
pretty tired of this content but also um
there are different tags and algorithms
that are that catch the kobit 19 when
it's published on youtube so we wouldn't
want your content to be flagged at all
and affect your views um so just no
mention of anything related to covid um
another don't is that uh we do have a
restriction that 25 of your presentation
um cannot include your company branded
content pictures or details once again
just an effort to make sure that um all
of our content is as vendor neutral as
possible
don't include too many speakers um you
want to make sure that you have balance
and
diversity of thought and of course
gender inclusivity but also want to just
be mindful of how much time that you
have and that you have speakers who can
get enough air time um and don't
disregard our team's feedback on your
speakers your topics outlines our final
slides once again um we're trying to
help and make sure that we can impart
all of the knowledge and feedback that
we hear from attendees to make your
session really great um and to ensure
that it meets all the guidelines
okay
so let's move into a few specifics about
each event so starting off with europa i
know we have a mix of folks on this call
who may be sponsoring either or so um
we'll kick off with europa and some of
the options here um just a few event
reminders for you guys the event is june
7th to june 8th it's a two-day in-person
conference we're excited to be in
barcelona and we're expecting over 2 000
in-person attendees um you can expect
all the things that you have at an
in-person saster event um top sas ceos
and other leaders on stage um
one-on-one meetings and mentoring and
networking sessions q a with speakers
and lots of fun happy hours and parties
if you are a europa speaker um you will
be introduced directly to our speaker
team if you haven't been already
by the end of next week by march 18th so
you will be introduced by your from your
sales contact to the speaker team um
within one week of that we're gonna
ask you to complete a speaker form um
for your confirmed speakers and have
them sign a speaker agreement and then
by the end of the month we're asking
that all final session topics and
abstracts are finalized so as soon as
we're connected with you on march 18th
we're immediately going to start sending
you information in here and asking for
um for your speaker and content
information so if you've already signed
up for europa um please be brainstorming
who you're who are going to be your
speakers and what your topics could be
it's you're more than welcome to give us
two to three topic ideas um and we'd be
happy to give you feedback on which ones
we think would land best
couple hard deadlines we do ask for a
slide draft for every single session so
that we can make sure that um we can
give you any feedback and help you shape
the presentation um in a way that will
be most successful so by may 2nd you
must provide your first draft of session
outlines at this point you will also
have the branded sas europa template so
you can drop your outline into that or
um you can just share it with us uh via
a google doc um if you're just doing it
more in a text way so the more you can
provide us with outlines um with the
more content and the more built out that
you can do the more feedback um and the
better feedback that we can provide you
so hard deadline is making sure that
you're getting this first draft of your
session to us
of your slides by may the 2nd
we will host a webinar for all speakers
including sponsored and unsponsored
sessions on wednesday may 18th
we will get a calendar invite for this
and all your speakers will as well it's
recorded it's very similar to this so
we'll share it with everyone afterward
we will go over all event logistics
answer any outstanding questions that
people have to tell you more information
about the stage and all that um so we do
encourage that at least one person from
every team joined that live so that you
can't ask your questions but once again
if you can't make it um we will be
sharing the recordings afterward
and then hard deadline that's super
super important all final slides of
sessions are due no later than may the
20th so this is a hard deadline we have
to give all of our information um to av
in advance of the event we also of
course have to check everyone's
presentations um there are two full days
of content three or four tracks on every
single day so it's a lot of content for
our small team to go through so it's
super important um that you give us
everything that we need by this deadline
so that your session is presented
flawlessly on the day of
and that your technology and your slides
are all set up when we get to barcelona
okay
moving into the level types for europa
if you are signed up to be a europa
sponsor you fall under one of these
levels unicorn diamond ecosystem
platinum or vc sponsor
all europa sponsored content um the
majority of folks are going to have
these 10 minute tear down sessions um if
your diamond ecosystem or unicorn you
will have a 20 minute session so
slightly longer um but vast majority of
folks are going to fall into this 10
minute tear down session so the point of
this quick session is really for um you
to present kind of your tear down your
breakdown of a topic that you're
passionate about um and that you can
present founder
informative content on
so reminder everyone must meet the
content and speaker guidelines your
speaker should be vp level or above you
have to have slides even for the
10-minute presentations and everything
should be
really
projected and covering some sort of
topic around the how to um other
good foundations for sessions are like
the secrets of a playbook to
making sure that you can hit a topic
that you can really break down and dive
deep into in 10 minutes
reminder no sales pitches are allowed um
so this should be focused on a sales
marketing customer success or product
topic
okay
moving on disaster annual so um many
people are maybe sponsoring faster
annual and or also both so if you are
the both of these um guidelines are
similar but everything will apply um to
you if you're an annual bond or an
annual sponsor um highlights on the
event three-day conference september
13th to the 15th we are back at the san
mateo county event center another fully
outdoors festival style event um and
we're expecting around 300 speakers um
thousands of mentoring sessions um and
more than ten thousand in person
attendees so really really excited to be
back in san mateo
and
again for annual these are the levels um
of sponsorships that you may fall into
unicorn decacorn diamond ecosystem
platinum platinum plus and super gold so
all of these have slightly different
times um but overall requirements are
the same so we'll just dive right in if
you are a unicorn a decacorn a diamond
and an ecosystem sponsor you have a 20
minute workshop session once again all
the same topics and requirements apply
speakers and content must meet all the
guidelines you should have vp level or
speakers or above ceo and c-suite
speakers are always preferred and making
sure that it's not a sales pitch and
it's coming from a how-to perspective
if you are a platinum and platinum plus
you have a 15-minute workshop session
and same uh guidelines apply for you as
well
if you are
any of these uh
sponsor levels that we just mentioned so
basically unicorn to platinum plus these
are going to be your guidelines by the
end of april so friday april 29th you
will be introduced directly to the
speaker team um so you may be if you've
signed already you may be introduced to
us in the weeks um earlier than that but
by april 29th everyone will be
introduced directly to us um we will
immediately start talking to you about
who your speakers are what your content
is and we will give you some
deliverables that you have to fill out
for us
within two weeks of connection to us
um you have to submit um or you have to
schedule a content call with us so we
will do a one-on-one call with you and
your team ideally if your speakers can
be on it that's great too um and we will
go over all the logistics and a little
bit more of a deep dive into your
particular session also a great
opportunity for us to brainstorm a few
ideas so it's always strongly encouraged
if you can come with two to three
session ideas to that call um we can
talk live about what your possibilities
can be
within a week of that call um we are
expecting that your session topics and
abstracts be finalized definitely this
needs to happen by the end of june 30th
um
and then your hard deadline for your
first version of slides and outlines is
tuesday august the 2nd
we have our event overview webinar for
speakers on thursday august the 19th so
an invite will come for that same setup
as europa you will it will be recorded
you will have access to it um after we
will share it with all teams and all
speakers we do always encourage one
person to attend those and then the hard
deadline for slides is tuesday august
31st once again um we have to review
everyone's content and also get it over
to our av team that has to load
everything in advance of the event um so
please please make sure you're gonna
hear about these deadlines a lot um and
it's super important for you to hit so
that you can be set up for success at
the event
okay
moving on to super gold so if you are a
super gold sponsor an annual you will
have the 10 minute tear down session so
this is that 10 minute breakdown how-to
session and all session and content must
meet all the guidelines and diversity
requirements that we've already talked
about
very similar guidelines um for super
gold with the exception that you don't
have to do a prep call before um your
hard deadline for your sessions and
topic abstracts being finalized is
tuesday may 31st
um your outlines and your slide
deadlines are the same august the 2nd
and tuesday august 31st webinar is also
the same that august 19th webinar is
open to all speakers both sponsored and
unsponsored and we mostly are going to
be talking a lot about the event
logistics and what you can expect on
site
key reminders for you
is that you can contact us the speakers
team for anything related to content
always at speakers at sasterink.com
you can just review your con the content
diversity guidelines um because they are
super super important so they are linked
here
um and you will get your speaker briefs
for all the dates and all the
deliverables if you haven't received it
already through your calendar invite um
but they're also linked here the one for
europa and the one for annual too
so that's all i have
um
all of our contact information is here
we do have plenty of time for questions
if anyone has them um and we're always
available at our alias if you do have
questions after
um brian i don't know if you had
anything else that um we may have missed
that we need to cover i think the
biggest thing and for for for us and to
just to remember for this year is that
the guidelines really really really are
taking a sharper look this year i know
that might be new for some of you that
have sponsored with us in the past where
maybe we're in sometimes we have been
more accepting but we we're going to be
we're getting back to more of a um
a uh uh what do you call it a uh
a consistent method for all this way
everybody is in line and we have uh we
have some consistency across everywhere
i think the second piece too just to
keep in mind is that these deadlines are
built uh to make sure that we're all on
track we have a lot of content this year
and in order to get it done um and do it
properly and so that no one's rushed we
are going to hold to the guy to the uh
to the deadlines so
just a little heads up but we will get
it done and we're here to help you and
get it done with you and we look forward
to making these introductions as we get
started here um in the next couple of
days weeks so there you go that's it
taylor thank you yeah thank you guys so
much we're so looking forward to working
with everyone this year and and working
with you again if you were a sponsor in
the past um as always we are here to
help um and like brian said we want it
to just be super successful for you and
for attendees and for you to get the
most positive feedback and have a really
amazing experience so um everything that
we're providing feedback on is really
just to help you guys do that
but of course please feel free to uh
give us shoot us any questions um and uh
happy to always provide feedback on any
immediate suggestions that you may have
for your sessions
thanks every